[THEME MUSIC]
>> So I'm telling
you all of this.
Don't worry, there's
a solution at the end.
I like to bring up the actual--
what's really happening.
This is the truth, you see.
And so that you know
what to do with it.
And so some people
tell me also, like,
I wish I can see the
subtle energy like you do,
that I could discern.
And I'll tell you something,
once you see, you cannot unsee.
And so you start to see
things that are not as nice.
And in the beginning,
when I was just
growing up and
working with people,
I would see these entities.
And I'm like, did
I make this up?
Like, is this for real?
I didn't want to look at that.
I didn't want to
believe that it's
possible for some dark
energy to float in my space.
I just didn't want to go there.
I'm like, no, I know how
to maintain my energy,
and I know how to keep--
and everybody
should be the same.
We should be protected.
You heard about the
whole protection thing.
And yet, what would
happen is that I
would see that this
particular energy was
the root cause of their
cancer or their diabetes
or their mental illness.
What do you think
schizophrenia is?
When somebody schizophrenic
hears and sees things,
well, guess what?
They are hearing things, because
there is an entity there.
So I would work with
a mental patient.
And then I would see the
entity telling them stuff.
And then when the entity
would go, would take it out,
then the person is clear.
No drugs, you see.
And so that's the reason why
I want to bring up everything
that's really happening,
this is the truth,
so that we can take charge so
we can master our instrument,
cleanse, discern,
recognize, wait, wait,
there's something here, I don't
know what it is, just go away.
Makes sense?
That's the purpose of this--
for you to become
clear, sensitive enough
to discern and keep your
instrument strong this way.
Because on top of this, we don't
realize how our mind works.
For example, I say, I want
to create a relationship,
a beautiful relationship.
That's my conscious
mind is saying that.
But my subconscious mind
is saying, I don't know.
Am I ready?
Then I'm like, I'm
not going to be free.
I'm going to have to do
stuff with that person.
Am I going to change my--
same thing with money.
My brain is saying, I want
to create money, abundance.
And my subconscious mind is
saying, money is corrupt.
I just don't want
to deal with money.
It's corrupt.
Or it's very hard to make money.
Only the elite and
blah, blah, blah.
So my higher self, my
higher consciousness
is the one that's guiding
me to create what I want.
So I'm getting a beautiful
signal telling me, OK, you're
ready for a relationship or
you're ready for abundance.
So ask for it, put it out there.
So what I'm saying is, I
am transferring energy.
My conscious mind is
transferring energy, saying,
I want this thing.
My subconscious mind is
also transferring energy,
is emitting information saying,
I'm not ready, I can't do it,
I'm a failure, blah, blah, blah.
And my higher self is
saying, no, no, no.
So you see why we
get stuck, and you
see why we don't go anywhere?
You see why we are stuck
in the wrong relationships,
we're still poor or
whatever, we're not abundant,
we're still sick, and
so on and so forth--
because we are emitting
energy we're not aware of.
So all this to say that
we are not just linear.
We're not one dimensional.
We are multidimensional.
You're starting to see that
you are much more complex.
You are multi-dimensional.
You are sending and receiving
all kinds of information
that you're not aware of.
So sometimes I'm, oh,
I think I'm psychic
and oh, I feel like
intuition, this, and that.
And everybody's psychic.
Everybody is clairvoyant.
Everybody has this ability.
I'm just telling you
that because we are not
taught any of this, we walk
around thinking just one thing.
And that's how we
get in trouble.
So now let's talk
about the solutions.
All right, like, how
to manage all of this.
And the idea is, again, for
you to bring the information,
the download that's
relevant to you
now, that's relevant
to your higher purpose.
Again, why would
you want to talk
to the Pleiadian or whoever?
I have nothing against
the Pleiadians.
But why would you want
to hang out and listen
to other messages
that have nothing
to do with why you're
here, where you're going,
who you are as a being,
and so on and so forth?
So we learn to just put
everything to the side,
recognize, and discern
what is in my field, what
is in my consciousness,
and bring the one thing--
think about this.
You wake up in the morning.
You do your cleanse
five minutes--
which we're going to do, by the
way, yay, at the end of my talk.
So you flush out your system.
You're clear.
What is it that I'm
supposed to do today?
I have a meeting or I
need this or whatever.
You bring down the
information that's
100% relevant to where you
are, what you should say,
what do you need to expect
with this, whatever.
You prepare your instrument.
And you set your intention.
And off you go.
And you manifest
instantly, you see.
Because look at this thing.
When your energy is
disturbed with all
of this information, emotions
and thoughts and other people's
stuff and patterns
and all this thing,
how do you expect
this information
to come through
you in a pure way?
How do you discern anything?
There's too much stuff.
So it gets filtered through
all this information.
Does that make sense?
I was going to say crap,
but you know what I mean.
Can I say crap?
OK, OK, I said it.
You see what I mean?
And so that's why I
like these visuals,
because I want you to
start visualizing that this
is how you want to be.
All these emotions,
these patterns
that are not serving you are
clogging your system, you see.
And I'm talking about this like,
but it's very easy to change it.
We just don't do it.
So that's what we're
going to do today.
All right, so then the
conclusion is what?
Is that all aspects of our
being are emitting information,
plus other's energies
are sending information
at the same time.
So that's why we need
to learn to discern,
which we're going to do.
OK, one more thing, because
this is also kind of important,
for discernment,
the thoughts, how
are our thoughts, you know how
you're talking all the time
in your head, mind
chatter, right?
Talk, talk, talk,
talk, talk, talk.
What shall I do?
Do I need to call my mother?
Oh, wait, I have to eat first.
And, oh, my god, I have.
I forgot to call this person.
Talk, talk, talk, talk.
How are you-- you creating
with your thoughts.
Because your thought is emitting
a signal to the universe
that then resonates
with other information,
pool of information.
And that's how
you create, that's
how you attract the information
that you're looking for.
But if you are talking
like mind chatter,
then the signal is
not going anywhere.
It's just disrupting the flow.
It's occupying
your mental space.
And you're not going anywhere.
It's absolutely useless.
So that's the reason why we have
to learn to discern our thoughts
and, again, do
something about them.
Discern and organize,
manage, control.
So let's talk about the
different types of thoughts.
Of course, the conscious
thought is the one--
it feels very loud and clear.
So I want to have
lunch right now.
I'm going to have a
salad or whatever.
And so I'm very clear.
And it's a loud
voice, basically.
That's my personal
voice that I hear when
I emit a conscious thought.
So these are the ones that we
walk around with all the time.
But then sometimes, as we are
doing that, every now and then,
there's this little,
very subtle thought.
It's still your voice,
but it's very subtle.
It feels like a whisper almost.
So as I'm saying, for
example, I want to have lunch.
And I'm going to go have a
salad, I'm thinking this way.
And I'm saying that.
But I get this very subtle
thought, oh, maybe you
should call your friend
and invite them to lunch
because they want to talk to you
about a project or something.
That's the inspiration.
It's almost like your
own voice in a whisper,
and that comes from
your higher self.
And a lot of the times we don't
pay attention, unfortunately.
So that's why I
want you to start
noticing these little
thoughts that are yours.
And also the way
you know that it's
coming from your
higher self, it's
because you can't
change them in a way.
If you have a thought like,
I think I should call--
you should call this friend
and go to lunch with them
because they're going to talk to
you about an important project,
it's like, it wasn't
your decision.
It's a thought that came--
even though it's your voice, so
to speak, but it came to you.
Does that make sense?
So that is your inspiration.
Technically, that's
the voice that you
should be paying attention to.
It's also like the gut feeling.
You kind of know what
you're going to do.
Unfortunately, like
I said earlier,
with the schizophrenia
and the mental illness,
sometimes we hear other
entities and other beings.
Mental illness usually
are individuals
who are extremely sensitive.
They're extremely sensitive.
It's an overload of emotions,
overload of information
is because they
are so sensitive.
They really are aware of
all this information being
transferred back and forth.
That's how, unfortunately,
they break down--
because they can't handle it.
Makes sense?
And then sometimes-- when
I was a kid, sometimes
I would do that,
and recently also.
You hear other
people's thoughts.
I'm talking like humans.
So one time, for example,
I was working a long time
ago at this very big
entertainment company.
And I had a very
glamorous position.
I was director of whatever.
And everybody wanted
my job, because I
had access to sporting events
and celebrity stuff, whatever.
And so I would report directly
to the CEO of that company.
And he got transferred
to somewhere else.
And another CEO took his place.
And this new CEO, his division
was being laid off or something.
And he wanted his buddies
to take my position.
So he would give me all
these reports to do.
He would tell me, OK, I need
you to-- like, silly stuff.
He was basically setting me
up, making it so hard on me.
And so he would give
me all these deadlines.
Can you finish this whole
report by Tuesday or something?
And so in the beginning, I
was like, what's going on?
I could sense that
he wanted me to go.
I was like, why does
he want me to go?
And I realized that his buddy
was looking for a job and all
that whole stuff.
So one day I was in his office.
And he was, again,
telling me, OK, well, I
have this new project
for you and you
need to do this or whatever,
totally useless stuff.
And I looked at--
I was like, I need to
change this whole thing.
But anyway, the
story goes, what's
relevant to this
conversation, he's telling me,
just finish it by
Friday and then
you'll be all set and
then this and that.
So I said, OK, fine.
So I get up.
And I walk towards the door.
And I literally-- literally
heard his voice say,
I'm going to keep doing
this to you until you quit.
I mean, it was so loud.
It was his voice.
It was so loud that
I turned around.
And I said, did
you say something?
it was so clear.
So anyway, I just thought it was
an interesting kind of example
of how you can literally hear
the other person's voice.
It's not your voice.
This is the other person's
voice loud and clear
if you can discern and ask.
Because I wanted an explanation.
Why is he doing this to me?
I sensed why he's
doing this to me,
but I got the message
loud and clear--
I'm going to keep doing
this to you until you quit.
I ended up quitting not
because of him, but because I
moved on to something better.
Anyway.
But just-- I thought
it was funny.
OK, so then-- all
right, so moving on.
I want to show you a
little bit more of this
without getting too technical.
Because again, to
me, what helps me
is that when I understand more
the mechanism of how things
work, I'm more efficient.
I'm not just
shooting in the dark.
Even in energy healing, for
example, I put my hands.
It's like, what is happening?
What is it that I'm doing?
Am I channeling
Archangel Michael?
Like, what, who, you know?
And so if you give me this
specificity of things--
and so I want to share
this with you, because I
hope it will help you as well.
So without getting technical.
But earlier, we talked
about Konstantin Meyl,
who was working on the DNA.
And he found out
that the DNA uses
what we call magnetic scalar
waves to transfer information
across the universe
back and forth.
So let's talk a
little bit about that.
Everybody is familiar with the
sine waves, your EEG, your EKG.
It's just like a sine wave.
That's what we see.
That's the electromagnetic
field is a typical sine wave.
But there are also
other waves nobody talks
about-- longitudinal
waves, transverse waves.
The transverse
waves basically is
when the wave is perpendicular
to the direction of the wave.
Anyway, so what
I'm trying to say
is that there's different types
of waves we don't talk about.
But the most important one
that I want to talk about
is that one, the
magnetic scalar wave.
Magnetic scalar
waves are waves that
go in all directions-- all
directions all at once.
And nothing can stop them.
So you can put a shield.
You can put a Faraday cage.
It will go through it.
That's the reason
why magnetic scalar
waves can go across the universe
and they are unstoppable.
Therefore, faster than
the speed of light.
So your thoughts,
can you guess what
waves they're using to
communicate with the universe?
And just by looking--
just by looking at
this diagram, do
you think we are
linear like this?
Or do you think we are
multi-dimensional like this?
Makes sense?
Just by looking at it,
doesn't it make more sense?
And when you think that your
thoughts are sending energy
in all directions of time space,
I mean, doesn't just that idea
expend you as a being?
You start to think
like, wait, I'm
not this finite little
linear thing in a box
that I have to-- everything
is linear and small.
All of a sudden, like, wait,
my consciousness is everywhere.
It can do this, you see.
And then again, because
the guy literally
was able to demonstrate
that mathematically--
mathematically, you
can read the report.
Look him up.
And other scientists are
starting to catch up with this.
So now when I say, wait, I
received a message from Mars
from someone on the plane,
it's not so crazy anymore.
Or I felt-- a message came
to me that my mother is sick.
She needs me to call her.
And I call her.
And sure enough, she
says, how did you know?
I was just going to ask you to
call me or whatever, you see.
How are we-- because it's real.
Because there is science that
we're not taught in school
that exists.
All we have to do
is connect the dots.
And so what I've been
doing my whole life is
try to connect the dots, find
the evidence for this one thing,
evidence for this one
thing, evidence for that.
And then when you
connect the dots,
you realize that it's actually
very much real and scientific.
Nobody teaches us.
So anyway, we're
here to catch up.
Is this helpful?
>> Yes.
>> Good, good, good.
Also entanglement, that was also
demonstrated scientifically.
Entanglement, two
particles at a distance
can exchange information.
At a distance means two
stars that are distanced.
Exchange information, you
change something with one,
the other one
changes spontaneously
because of entanglement.
So if that's possible,
why is it not possible
that your brain can entrain
to information at a distance?
Again, just making the point.
Making the point.
OK, let's get to the fun stuff
and start practicing and finding
tools.
So what we're going
to do, first of all,
I'm going to do a little
exercise, like I said,
to purify, to flush
your system, get
rid of the mother
and the grandfather
and everybody else
that's in our field.
First of all, let me see if
you have any quick questions,
because we're going to
get into the exercise.
If you have a paper and
pencil, I can teach you.
We can download information
through automatic writing, which
is so fun.
Otherwise, we're going to
just download information.
And so questions?
Can they ask questions.
Yeah, they can, if I say so.
[LAUGHTER]
So who has questions?
>> Hi, everyone.
Sometimes I feel like
something horrible is going
to happen to one of my kids.
And I keep thinking, this is
just normal because I'm a mom.
But then I'm really
terrified about that thought.
>> OK, so that's why I am
showing you that when you get
this message, the idea
is to have discernment.
Is it your fear,
your pattern of fear
that you've been carrying your
whole life that is interfering
with your intuition?
Or is it real?
That's why I'm telling
you about all this--
so that you learn to discern.
So before you act
on it, if you have
that sensation that
something's going to happen--
by the way, it's typical.
Every single mother tells
me the exact same thing,
and you live with
that constant fear
that something's
going to happen.
So the idea is before you act on
anything and get all worked up,
you have to do the
clearing so that you
can get the message
correctly and identify,
is it coming from your
subconscious fear?
Or is it something real?
And you want to do that.
Because then, that's the idea.
The idea is to--
otherwise, you're
frazzled all the time.
You're constantly calling your
kids, and nothing's wrong.
>> It's not like I
call him like that.
He loves racing cars.
Anytime that goes, it's
just like, I practically--
I die until he comes back.
That's the feeling I have.
>> Yeah, and other children also
are going to war or doing other
things.
>> Yeah, so--
>> So that's what I'm saying.
So you have to-- the
subconscious pattern
that's in you is the fear
of losing your child.
This is typical.
But if you don't
work on it, you're
going to live the rest of
your life being afraid.
So that's the idea of this work.
That's the idea is
for you to recognize
what's in your subconscious mind
and clear it once and for all.
>> OK, Thank you.
>> Next
>> Hi.
>> Hey.
>> Thank you.
I know you've earned your school
of practice, mystical teachings,
and everything.
And I'm trying to
also teach my son,
he is five years old,
how to use his energy.
Sometimes I can see that he
might process certain things
that I say to him.
And sometimes days later, he
may come to me and tell me, mom,
I know I have light,
but I cannot see it.
Or he refers-- or sometimes
refers to the light.
And he's thinking about it.
And so I know that little,
small seeds of information
that I'm giving him and
eventually will grow.
But I just would like to
hear from you and the school
that you also lead, what
could be simple exercises
that we can do with our kids?
>> The exercise I'm about to
do is great for kids as well,
because actually, kids can
visualize really, really well.
And do you notice
that babies, when
they are-- when they come
in, they're looking at you,
they're not quite
looking at you?
They're kind of looking
everywhere, because they're
seeing everything.
And gradually, that vision gets
smaller and smaller and smaller
until about the age of three.
And usually, around the age
four or five, you start--
usually, all children have some
sort of significant experience
with these other energies.
It's positive.
I'm not saying anything bad.
But what I'm saying
is, from that point on,
they start to block
those abilities.
Because it's too much.
There's no information.
They don't know
what to do with it.
But actually, they're great
at visualizing and imagining.
So the first exercise
we're going to do
is this flushing of energy.
So we're going to bring
a pure source energy.
And we're going to just
bring it through the body.
So try that with your son--
son, you said, yeah?
And then allow him
to change the colors.
Imagine different
colors, but every color
has to have a
positive intention.
So one is love.
One is joy.
One is fun.
You see what I mean?
And that's a great exercise
for everybody, by the way.
Yeah, makes sense?
All right, next, yeah.
>> Hi, Carolyn.
I recently had a
guest on my podcast.
And we talked a lot
about scalar energy.
And one of the things
that he had said
was with his research, that
he had found that energy could
be sent using a photograph and
the frequency of scalar energy
to send vitamins and minerals
and healing to people.
And I'm just wondering if
you've come across anything
like this in your research.
>> Yes, I have a device at my
house also that creates a scalar
field.
So again, I didn't want
to go too technical.
But since you're asking--
so by the way, I
forgot to mention
something very important.
The heart has its own field.
And that's a scalar field.
So the idea, scalar field,
meaning it's perfect.
It's a torus-like field
that emanates information,
like I said, like the scalar
waves in all directions of time
space.
So when your brain, your
mind, and your heart
are perfectly coherent with
each other, then you can expand.
And you can send this
information, which
is what we're going to do.
So what was the question?
Oh, about the scalar energy.
Yeah, so these devices
that emit the scalar field,
if they are in proximity like
in this room-- it depends.
Each one has a different range.
But mine can cover half
of this room, for example.
If I'm sitting in that
field and I'm off,
my body is off, I'm
frustrated or whatever,
I'm going to start to
entrain to that field.
And so my heart is
already functioning,
emitting a scalar field.
My brain is going to entrain.
You guys know about entrainment?
So basically, I'm going to
match, let's say, the field.
And then I'm going to
be in perfect alignment.
And that alignment-- we
didn't talk a lot about this.
But the DNA-- we did a bunch
of experiments on this.
The DNA, which is a
double helix, when
you create a certain field and
you create and you increase
the electrical
conductivity of the DNA,
it turns into a torus-like shape
and it starts to self-repair.
So the scalar field allows you
to basically do the same thing.
The DNA starts to rotate
in a torus-like formation,
and you self-repair.
That's how you're
getting the healing.
Makes sense?
Now, there's different
technologies out there,
by the way.
So I'm not talking
about all of them
because I have to
research all of them.
But there's a couple out there.
And you have to discern.
All right, here we go.
The first thing is for you to
be clear on your intention.
Do you want to download
information about what?
As you know, you
are able to receive
messages, information, knowledge
from your own higher self.
We didn't talk about the
past and future self,
but for now, other
aspects of your being.
Do you want to download
information from source?
Do you want to
speak to an alien?
You take a moment
to be very specific,
my intention right now in
terms of receiving information.
That's what this class is about.
Take a moment to do that.
Are you clear?
If you're not clear,
can you please tell me
what your intention is?
Go ahead.
so she's working on a
book that was downloaded.
>> A book that I'm working on
in tandem with someone else
that's about halfway through.
And there's two stories that
were downloaded in meditation.
So I asked for all three to be
dropped in full and complete.
So it's three elements,
but it's one topic area.
>> So what's the--
what are you--
I mean, if it's already
downloaded, what's--
>> So I'm asking for them to be
downloaded because I have bits
and pieces.
So I guess my question is, it's
the same topic area, but three
different items.
Should I address each one
separately on different days?
Or is one topic area--
>> OK, that's clear.
That's right.
Is it three separate
topics or one together?
See what I mean?
Super clear.
Makes sense?
Who are you asking?
Higher self.
Clear.
Make sense?
Higher self, is it
three or one thing?
Very clear.
Last one so we can do it.
>> My intention is why--
my question is, will
I become a healer?
>> Will I become a healer?
>> Is that a--
>> Who are you asking?
>> I'm asking my higher self.
>> OK, what do you
think of this question?
What kind of healer?
>> No?
>> Is that a good one?
>> Medical healer.
>> OK, that's clear enough.
That's OK.
I'm asking my higher--
it's very specific.
I'm asking my higher self, am I
going to be-- or is it aligned--
I mean, you can do
whatever you want.
But you're asking, is
that aligned with who I am
and my higher purpose?
Makes sense?
OK, let's start.
Let's do this.
[THEME MUSIC]